before the war this dialysis ward in
alar hospital served 122 patients every
day now it is overwhelmed because it is
the only functioning dialysis ward in
the entire Gaza
Strip the situation is tough and
challenging we are now the only Hospital
in Gaza providing dialysis service we
have seen around 500% increase in
patients from 122 to over 500 daily we
are working around the clock patients
who had three sessions a week now only
having one session their health
situation is rapidly
worsening nearly 10,000 patients need
dialysis treatment in Gaza with only 17
dialysis machines available doctors are
trying hard to handle the load they have
reduced the treatment session for each
patient by half but the long lines of
patients waiting for treatment are
growing
my health situation is deteriorating I
can now not have a 4-Hour session that
I'm supposed to have but just 2 hours my
body is swelling all the time I used to
go to NASA hospital before the war and
had proper treatment now nothing is left
no medical staff no medication my leg is
also broken patients here say there are
several dialysis machines available in
different hospitals but they cannot be
used since most of those hospitals have
been shut down because of the Israeli
attacks on the health facilities the
Medics here are under immense
pressure this is beyond our capacity I
had one nurse who had a heart attack
because of the stress we call on all the
competent authorities to provide help
these are poor and vulnerable people and
they are
suffering since October 7 Israel has
imposed a Complete Siege on Gaza and it
has been nearly possible for
international Aid including medicines
and medical equipment to get into the
strip but time for patients here young
old men and women is running
out
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer